# OPCD_GSPro_tools
Tools for building GSPro golf courses

These are some tools I've been working on to help in the mapping of golf courses to build course models for GSPro.   These are all pretty heavy programs segmentation programs or segmentation training programs written in python3 on ubuntu and use CUDA, Pytorch, and Meta's 'Segment_Anything'.  It uses tensorflow extensively and is very heavy on the GPU.   While you can run the segmentation programs on cpu they can take hours even on the beafiest CPUs.  I estimated that on my Ryzen 9 5950X at 4.5Ghz, it was still going to take 10 days to run the training program where as with a simple Nvidia RTX 4060 it would be about 6hrs.   Initially I tried running on ROCM on and AMD 6900RX but that got complicated and broken really fast.  So this code may never work for the AMD GPU cards sadly.   
    So the first program is used to read the OPCD/QGIS/Overlays images. These are supposed to be 8192x8192 jpg or tiff images you downloaded from Google Earth or Bing.  Due to memory limitations I resize these images down to 1892x1892 to fit the RTX 4060's memory limitation (8GB). It can fit 2048x2048 but with Ubuntu and KDE running sometimes some of the GPU memory is consumed by them.  You might want to experiment with the scaling if you have a better GPU and I recommend it.  The first program is called sam1_svg10.py (my 10th interation of this program).   I had a lot of AI help with this from Google Gemini which just blows my mind how good it has become at python coding.  I never new all the details about SVG images or how to process them.   The initial inspiration for this was from a demonstration of Meta's Segment_Anything model, which was one of the coolest demos I've seen.   As background I worked for years at the Computer Vision and Image Processing Laboratory and did a lot of work in segmentation.       
